Sulin (Sulin McCane) -- Sprite exists, by Nathan Rosen. Age is about 18.

Carma (Carma San Pal) -- Sprite exists, by Nathan Rosen. Age is about 18.

Glenlin (Glenlin San Pal) -- No sprite, but a picture exists as drawn by someone else (who goes by the name Oibara): http://members.tripod.com/~wyrdwad/wyrdglen.jpg. Needs some work, but that's kinda the look I'm going for. Age is... well, he looks a little old, maybe in his late 50s or early 60s, but he's actually several hundreds of years old.

Mordex (Mordex McCane) -- No sprite, no ideas. He's a black wizard, and should be in his 40s or so. I'm kinda picturing that guy everybody thought was the villain throughout most of the Harry Potter movie, though I'm blanking on his name. (: The other thing is... well, when Mordex is actually a playable character, he has very little flesh left on him, and joins you as a skeleton warrior with a few ghostly traces of his former appearance remaining (think a barely-visible ghost trapped inside a skeleton that's falling apart, with just a LITTLE BIT of flesh left dangling from it). (:

Mintrex (Mintrex McCane) -- No sprite, no ideas. She's a very weak, ragged woman, and should be between 35 and 45 years old.

Jien (Jien Quillisamo) -- Sprite exists, by Nathan Rosen. Should be about 35, but has very clear and smooth skin.

Jalk (Jalk Johann) -- No sprite, no ideas. All I know is he's a merman, and he's an attractive one -- and he's young/old enough to have managed to successfully seduce both Carma and Jien. (: Jalk attacks with a special kind of underwater gun called a "fishwipe".

Sherlie (Sherlie Holmes) -- Sprite exists, by Falthorn (originally intended as a character named Llelynn in a different game I was making long ago, but Sherlie is very closely based on Llelynn anyway). Should be young, about 35. An inventor, so she attacks with... erm... inventions. (:

Moriarty (Moriarty Holmes) -- Sprite exists, by Nathan Rosen. Should look a bit insane. (: About 35-40 years old. Attacks with phaser-like weapons.

Watson (the car) ("Happy Times") -- Sprite exists, by Nathan Rosen. It's just a car, with Moriarty's head sticking out the top. (:

Watson (the boy) (Watson Holmes) -- No sprite, no ideas. A 5-year-old boy's ghost. Go heavy on light blue, I think.

Oddh -- No sprite. She looks old, perhaps beyond her years, but no one knows how old she actually is. She still has thick, long, black hair, though -- but she quite obviously DOESN'T comb it. Looks rather insane, but at the same time exceptionally serious and depressed. Should be a little on the short side, and dressed in clothes which were carefully picked to look "exotic" and gypsy-like, but actually are a bit raggedy, tattered, and a tiny bit stained and dirty.

Mephisto (Sa) -- No sprite, but here's a cut-and-paste of her description from the plot summary: "standing near a table-like control panel, cloaked in black, hands in black gloves, feet in black boots, the only visible body part being one solitary glassy-green eye visible from underneath the unusually-tilted black hood. Very ominous and frightening-looking being -- and at second glance, it has many many frightening-looking weapons all over the cloak, all black in color, ready to be called upon whenever necessary." When her outfit is removed, and she becomes plain ol' Sa, I don't exactly know
what she looks like or what age she is (though she's tall and young, definitely no older than 30). She's of the cat-like Skyh race (same as Du), but is considered a vision of beauty both by the Skyh and by humans, though she does nothing whatsoever to make herself look this way (i.e. it's 100% natural beauty).

Du -- Sprite exists, by Nathan Rosen. A member of the cat-like Skyh, probably college age or in his early 20s. Attacks with a variety of weapons, none of which can be seen on his person at any given time.

Petrefax (Seda Petrefax) -- Unfinished sprite exists, by Nathan Rosen. About 25 years old. Zombified. (:

Calisto (Calisto Knoxbury) -- No sprite, but I've got one picture of Calisto as drawn by the same guy who originally gave this unnamed character his name. Unfortunately, I forget what that person's name is. (: If you're reading this, please email me!! Anyway, Calisto is about 30 years old. Carries a big-ass sword. (:

Potter (Potter Slye) -- No sprite, no ideas. A shapeshifter. Age completely unknown.

Nathan -- Sprite exists, by Nathan Rosen. A sasquatch. Age unknown, but not very old.

Doug (Doug Weidner) -- Heh... sprite exists, by Nathan Rosen. 21 years old. Based not-so-loosely off of my best friend, and looks EXACTLY like him... but rather than showing you a picture of him, I'll just let you draw him however you see fit, following the sprite as best as possible... I'm curious to see how he looks when you're done, and excited to be able to then show your picture to the REAL Doug Weidner. (: There will also be a young Doug Weidner in the game, age 6.

Melody (Melody Pinkett) -- No clue. A little girl, about 7 years old. Also a ghost, like Watson, but should look more corporeal than ghostly... basically, just ghostly enough that you know she's "not all there", but not obviously so.

Mikron -- Sprite exists, by Nathan Rosen. I have NO IDEA about the age -- YOU be the judge of that! (:

Glod (Glod Gloddson) -- Nathan's pride and joy character. (: I dunno what to tell you for this, except that Nathan DID make a sprite for this character, and he... erm... looks like a dwarf! (: And, in true Dwarvish fashion, he attacks with axes.

Eden -- Sprite exists, reluctantly, by Nathan Rosen. (: Be careful not to open this file at school -- Eden is a naturist. (: I dunno if your teachers would understand. (: At any rate, she's young (18), beautiful, and naked. And has natural green hair. (: There will also be an older, less healthy, slightly fatter version of Eden in the game, age 32.

Jailie (Jailie O'Jailsson) -- Sprite exists, by ME. (: Jailie is a living jail cell, only slightly larger than a normal human, and with an eerie floating yellow face inside the bars. As described in the plot summary: "two yellow eyes seem to have formed inside the cell, and something resembling a mouth is beginning to materialize. To the party's amazement, the jail cell's 'face' has become more defined, and the entire cell seems to be shrinking. Once it's shrunk to the size of a human head, the ground below it begins to raise, and forms something of a crude body made of brick-shaped gray stones. With a bit of a struggle, which quickly wears off, Jailie approaches..."

Ramses (Ramses Midfield) -- No sprite, no real ideas beyond black hair (brown hair? red hair? blond hair?) and a brown tunic/cloak/robe. He's a scholar, and should look scholarly. He's also one of the older characters, maybe in his 40s.

...and that does it for the characters. For now (:

I hope this is good enough to get you started... anything you can contribute, even if TOTALLY different than what I have written, would be great.

Thanks, and enjoy! (:
-Tom
