Original Documentation for DGAME by David Klempner

  Okay, here are the instructions for (name here). I hope that you like it!
*****REMEMBER!!!***** This game is freeware. My only request is, if the 
version you have is less than 1 month old, please E-Mail me at 
dmsv37c@prodigy.com with your comments or suggestions, or else I'll ask the 
evil slimes to come at you at night, and well... umm... (I wish.) 
Of course, remember: I am not asking for money or anything, I just want your 
opinions! 

  STORY: You are travelling down a mountain road when you found a hut in
a forest on the side of the road. The hut has a sign saying, "YOU WIN! 
YOU WIN! COME INSIDE! (no cash prize)." The wierdest thing about this sign is 
that it is actually SAYING this! You go inside because of an overwhelming 
curiousity. 

   Going inside, your first thought is "WOW!!!" It has a lot of magical
equipment, and a back door. You go out the back door, and find that you 
are in the forest. You go around to the front of the hut, and find that
it has no door! You try and go back around, and find a slime, that tries to 
attack. You run, and run, and run, and find that you are lost. You eventually 
come to an area with two buildings, an inn and a school. You go inside the
inn, and find a few people. You hear, "Hmmm... I hear there is a wizard's hut
over at the other side of the forest. It is said to be the only way out of it!
The slimes are so easy to beat, but you have to fight so many of them on the 
way!

     You are determined to get back to your world, but it will take a lot of
effort...

HOW TO PLAY:

     To start, you type "play" (this runs a batch file) and you wait a while.
The game will load up about 10 seconds after the pictures stop. (on a 386/16)

     You will find a little guy on the screen, with roads running in all four 
directions. There is an inn in the center, and a square with the words

                              BIG K'
                               Exp.
                             College

This square, when you step on it, brings you to a blue screen with two 
options. The first lets you pay money to get experience, which I will cover 
later. The second tells you how much experience you need for the next level,
unless you have enough experience to get a level, in which case, it gives
you one.

     The inn when you step on it's square, lets you recover your hit points
for an amount equal to what level you are at.

     By pressing 'S' at any time when you are not in a building, or in a
battle, will show your status. Here are the things it will show:

     Hit points: The amount of hit points, or HPs, you have. You lose them in
battle, and when you run out, you lose.

     Max Hit Points: The maximum amount of hit points you can have. Your hit
points refill to their maximum when you stay at the inn.

  Experience: You get a certain amount of experience from battle, and from
spending money at the college. When you have enough experience you gain a

  Level: As I said, you gain these as you get experience. When you gain
one, your hit points go up.

  Gold: You get gold from battles, and you spend it at the inn and college.

  By pressing "Q" you can quit.     
     
  By pressing "S" and entering a filename, you can save a game.

  By pressing "L" and entering a filename, you can load a game.

  Every once in a while, you encounter an enemy. A picture of the enemy
shows up in the middle of the screen, your hit points show up at the lower
left, and the enemies' hit points show up at the lower right. Press 'A'
and you attack. Both your hit points and your enemies go down. When its hit
points go below zero, you win the battle, and gain gold and experience.
If you press 'R', you run from the battle. In this version, pressing 'R' to 
run from the battle always works. Weapons bought from the weapon shop have
a positive effect on your attacks.

 Eventually, you find the square which you step on to win. You will
recognise it when you see it. HINT: it is near the lower right corner.

     Tips:

  Until you reach a high enough level, stay near the inn. You will gain
experience safely.

  You probably need to be at level 10 or more to win, unless you cheat and
run from every battle (I still haven't inplemented chance there.)
   I'd like suggestions for the game, and a game name!
     
     Have fun!


Version integrated into RPGENGIN based on version released: October 16, 1996. (or so.)
